Solving Issue #1073 by adding important information (#1510)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/collaboration-exo/public-folders/set-up-public-folders.md

> [!NOTE]
> For more information about the storage quotas and limits for public folders, see [Exchange Online Limits](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=391188).

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > OWA for devices refers to the old *"OWA for Android"* and *"OWA for iPhone/iPad"* applications that Microsoft used to have back in the day. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> OWA for devices refers to the old *"OWA for Android"* and *"OWA for iPhone/iPad"* applications that have since been retired. For more details, see [Microsoft OWA mobile apps are being retired](https://support.office.com/article/microsoft-owa-mobile-apps-are-being-retired-076ec122-4576-4900-bc26-937f84d25a4b).
```

> > Microsoft deprecated those. See here for more details: https://support.office.com/article/microsoft-owa-mobile-apps-are-being-retired-076ec122-4576-4900-bc26-937f84d25a4b

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
